hey guys hi hi it's me brad and hide
welcome to this week on the feed this is
alive this week on nothing that means if
you're watching live you're getting all
the sweet deets early that's right it's
Monday and if you go to 4-player network
com / live or for PV TV or a twitch page
I will be playing tonight in place of
Chris in place of Nolan until late
tonight where normal might actually take
over I'm gonna be playing I don't know
Krispy says he kind of want to play some
more diablo 3 coop so we might do that
or i might place a mountain blade or
some FTL or some dark souls I don't
actually know what should I play hide
which I played dog's life huh huh yeah
but you want me to play that all right
hi what's happening on tuesday what's
George playing for tea time with George
show up and watch tea time with George
at two p.m. central time he is our
favoritest of friends across the pond
and he will be playing a game called
Tesla grad I don't know what that is ok
ok ok calm down bro on Wednesday 6 p.m.
central time of course Chris Davis is
going to be playing more onimusha he's
been going through that entire series
he's onimusha 3 which is my favorite
which one's your favorite hide one and i
had a 1030 p.m. central time crispy is
of course going to be playing more
follow my a/c tactics on thursday i'm
fabulous fabulous oh sorry it's that
offensive I don't think it is fabulous
on Thursday starting in about 7 p.m.
central time maybe no no six o'clock
Chris Davis on Thursdays gonna be
playing more on emu shanna 8 that's when
rolling when Nolan's going to happen
he's going to be playing some Witcher 2
because it's our subscriber of the month
game for the month of April he's gonna
be playing some of that and i'll
probably be playing something late night
late that night that's probably when i'm
going to be doing your way brighter day
so vote in the poll there's the link up
there up there is the link and i go vote
in the poll for this week on friday nick
is going to be doing persona at seven
cocktail time is going to be a ten and
on saturday who knows is gonna have us
going to be crazy you know gray fox
probably gonna be playing some
throughout this week maybe some some
more final fantasy he likes final
fantasy games maybe he'll play some
hockey 14 or some some 10 20 or I don't
know anyways that's it for this week on
the feed there's a lot of pax coverage
coming down the pipeline so definitely
look for that head over to 4-player
network com because we release all that
stuff earlier on for player network com
and you can download the packs podcasts
that they recorded this past weekend
where they talked about all the stuff
they played so if you want to see what
they think about evolve or the evil
within or games like that definitely go
check that out and that's it thanks for
watching hi you've been a good sport oh
ok uh teach us he has a hurt rib sorry
you're good hide right we're still
friends we're still friends okay he
wants to get down man t come here dog
the good dog it does me Monty see haha
bye bye later
you